README.md, before:

# check_multiple

Nagios plugin used to execute multiple commands in parallel.

With the `--mode` parameter, it can be configured to return either the
best overall result, or the worst. If you choose the worst overall
result (the default), then you will be notified when one of the
commands fails. If you choose the best overall result, then you will
be notified only when all of them fail.

The output from check_multiple indicates how many OK, WARNING, and
CRITICAL results the individual commands produced. Afterwards, the
output from those individual commands, concatenated onto one line per
command, is emitted.

An example Nagios command that will ping a host and check that
HTTP/SSH are running on it, and return the best overall result
(i.e. the host is up if any service responds):

```
define command {
  command_name check-host-alive-multiple

  command_line $USER1$/check_multiple --mode best "$USER1$/check_ping -H $HOSTADDRESS$ -w 1000.0,80% -c 1000.0,100% -p 5" "$USER1$/check_http -H $HOSTADDRESS$" "USER1$/check_ssh -H $HOSTADDRESS$"
}
```

Command-line usage:

```
usage: check_multiple.py [-h] [--mode {worst,best}] command [command ...]

Run multiple Nagios checks and combine the results.

positional arguments:
  command              check to run, enclosed in quotes

optional arguments:
  -h, --help           show this help message and exit
  --mode {worst,best}  which individual check result should be the overall
                       result; either the "worst" one or the "best" one
                       (default: worst)
```

Run the test suite:
```
$ python -m unittest check_multiple.py
......................................................
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Ran 54 tests in 6.207s

OK
```

Requirements:

* Python 3.5 or greater (tested up to Python 3.8).

Commit message:

Refactor into separate library and executable.
This is a lot of work to solve a stupid problem: when deploying the
executable, there's no good way to drop the ".py" extension on-the-fly
to wind up with a command named "check_multiple" as the README suggests.
Of course, I can rename the script from "check_multiple.py" to simply
"check_multiple", but that breaks the test suite, which insists on
being able to import the module containing the tests (which it can't
do if the "module" is missing its .py extension).

To ensure that the command can be called with "check_multiple", and to
keep the test suite working, this commit splits the executable and
library into two files. The executable now lives at bin/check_multiple,
and is extensionless. The library, on the other hand, lives in its own
package, lib/check_multiple. The check_multiple.py module within that
package can be imported by python, and can therefore be tested.

Having the two files separate is a bit annoying, because now you can't
just run the thing during development, but there's an easy PYTHONPATH
hack to make that work. I've added it to the README.

README.md, after:

# check_multiple

Nagios plugin used to execute multiple commands in parallel.

With the `--mode` parameter, it can be configured to return either the
best overall result, or the worst. If you choose the worst overall
result (the default), then you will be notified when one of the
commands fails. If you choose the best overall result, then you will
be notified only when all of them fail.

The output from check_multiple indicates how many OK, WARNING, and
CRITICAL results the individual commands produced. Afterwards, the
output from those individual commands, concatenated onto one line per
command, is emitted.

An example Nagios command that will ping a host and check that
HTTP/SSH are running on it, and return the best overall result
(i.e. the host is up if any service responds):

```
define command {
  command_name check-host-alive-multiple

  command_line $USER1$/check_multiple --mode best "$USER1$/check_ping -H $HOSTADDRESS$ -w 1000.0,80% -c 1000.0,100% -p 5" "$USER1$/check_http -H $HOSTADDRESS$" "USER1$/check_ssh -H $HOSTADDRESS$"
}
```

Command-line usage:

```
usage: check_multiple [-h] [--mode {worst,best}] command [command ...]

Run multiple Nagios checks and combine the results.

positional arguments:
  command              check to run, enclosed in quotes

optional arguments:
  -h, --help           show this help message and exit
  --mode {worst,best}  which individual check result should be the overall
                       result; either the "worst" one or the "best" one
                       (default: worst)
```

To run the script from a development checkout, you'll need to tell
python where it can find the "check_multiple" package:

```
$ PYTHONPATH="./lib" bin/check_multiple ...
```

The check_multiple package comes with a test suite that should always pass:
```
$ python -m unittest lib/check_multiple/check_multiple.py
......................................................
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Ran 54 tests in 6.207s

OK
```

Requirements:

* Python 3.5 or greater (tested up to Python 3.8).
